# OKCupid Profile Predictions

This was a Codecademy project with no direction or instructions, just data from OK Cupid. As an inititial step, I created values to identify a person's relationship with alcohol, drugs, education, religion, and pet ownership - things that might indicate whether someone shares those same values with another person (this can be further refined). I turned several columns into integers, then scaled them, and then used features as labels to predict another feature. It was only about 60% able to correctly label the profile's gender and income from the other features, almost 80% able to label drink and drug use level, but performed well at identifying relationship status. What it shows so far, is that a number of features can somewhat predict the correct labeling of another feature. Where I see this being useful, although only part of the way there, is finding profiles to match/suggest to another. [The data itself had only a binary gender classification and had limited orientation classification. For a more refined and inclusive model, I would suggest additional classifications.]

*This is very much a work in progress. I will try out different models, upload new versions and eventually, upload a slide deck with some conclusions. I wanted to demonstrate what I am learning and focusing on, but this is only the beginning of my machine learning education. I am still developing and using this time to experiment. my goal is to really understand how to choose the right model, how to get good, predictive results, and implement models consistently.*
